
1) Explain REST
    REST is a style of software architecture defining a set of constraints to be used to create web services.

2) Explain the architectural style for the creation of a web API (client server communication, formatting language, number of servers, etc.)
    architectural style for API's :
        -Rest:
            REST (Representational State Transfer) is an architectural style for services, and as such it defines a set
            of architectural constraints and agreements. A service, which complies with the REST constraints, is said to be RESTful.
        -RPC:
           RPC is an abbreviation for Remote Procedure Call. RPC is an architectural style for distributed systems.
        -SOAP:
                SOAP follows the RPC style (see previous section) and exposes procedures as central concepts (e.g. getCustomer).
                It is standardized by the W3C and is the most widely used protocol for web services. SOAP style architectures are in widespread use.
        -GraphQL:
         the philosophy, and framework powering its popular API. More and more tech companies tried GraphQL and adopted it
         as one of their philosophies for API design.
3) What are the best practices when deploying an application in the cloud
        IaaS :Infrastructure as a service s a type of cloud computing service that offers essential compute,
            storage, and networking resources on demand, on a pay-as-you-go basis. IaaS is one of the four types of cloud services
        PAAS :
            Platform as a service is a cloud computing model where a third-party provider delivers hardware and software tools to users over the internet.
            Usually, these tools are needed for application development. A PaaS provider hosts the hardware and software on its own infrastructure.
            As a result, PaaS frees developers from having to install in-house hardware and software to develop or run a new application.
        SAAS :
            software as a service (SaaS) is a way of delivering applications remotely over the internet instead of locally on machines (known as “on-premise” software)

4) What are your best strength : infra ? DB ? web ?
Give us detail about it
        my best strength web ,because I am a computer engineer student specializing in web and internet technology.
                              all my internships and academic projects are based on web development

5) Among all the projects you have worked on. Which architecture do you enjoy the most? explain why ?
        i have already made some projects in differents architecture the most that i had enjoyed it's Springboot/Angular
            because i have an idea about java ,and frontend language like (html,css,js,bootstrap,sass..)
            and i have worked in many project (workflow,e-commerce,CRUD...)